hey guys CJ here and another piece of
late breaking news that came out last
night is that netflix has updated the
info on the upcoming Marvel live-action
series and what do I mean by that well
have you ever been to netflix and if you
have you probably owe you know follow
lock this but if you go to Netflix and
you're looking up a show and say you're
looking up a show they don't have yet
it'll pull up the landing page is what
it's called as a landing page and if
it's a show that's already out that
they've got you can say click now if
it's show that you've gotta like order
the know they'll give you the option to
add it to your queue but they'll they'll
give you a trailer for it and then
they'll you know they how they'll have
parts with some information so I go who
directed this you know who starred in
this when did it come out how many
seasons were there who wrote it blah
blah blah and all this you know great
information about the movie netflix is
updated to landing pages for the Marvel
live action shows and while this may not
sound too terribly exciting I think what
it does more than anything I mean it
gives us some new information on some of
this stuff don't get to that in a second
but if anything it just kind of confirms
it's happening guys this is happening
and it's coming a lot sooner than we
thought and what web mean by that well
AKA jessica jones is the first one and
it is coming in 2015 according to the
info there's no other info on that yet I
mean they we've officially you know
received confirmation the title is AKA
jessica jones coming in 2015 is the
second half of that so that's big we
have been hearing rumors that it's going
to shoot next month of course we had a
video on that Nick made a video on a go
check it out for more information
however we now have confirmation that is
probably going to air in December of
2015 next up is luke cage and the little
description thingy for this is in this
Marvel live-action series a
street-fighting ex-con battles crime in
New York's hell's kitchen as the
superhero Luke Cage and so this is
interesting because they kind of say
he's gonna be a street fighting ex-con
but he's also gonna be a superhero so it
sounds like he's gonna have you know
powers and I'll be interesting to see I
just really hope they dropped Power Man
reference in there that's all I care
about Iron Fist Marvel's Iron Fist
follows superhero and martial arts
master Danny ran the upcoming live
action series coming soon
and this is big to me honestly it's
weird like the first read of this this
sentence just kind of the way they
phrased superhero and martial arts
master day near and I mean it's a weird
take away from this it's just a vibe I
get I don't feel like they're gonna be
hiring an asian american actor for this
and I I'm fine with that Danny rands
white in the comics if they want to hire
an asian guy I'm cool with it they're a
bunch of gradation actors you could go
get it's just something about you know
just the I don't know it's just a vibe
however the fact that they're calling
him a superhero is well kind of makes me
think that he's gonna have his two
powers and they're not going to back
away from that and of course they end
off with the defenders and Marvel's the
defenders brings together daredevil
jessica jones iron fist and Luke Cage in
an epic superhero team-up in New York
City coming soon and so we don't get a
ton of information there that's more or
less what we already knew however what's
really interesting is the fact that
Hell's Kitchen is repeated so much we
know Hell's Kitchen his daredevil Hell's
Kitchen is jessica jones and Hell's
Kitchen is luke cage it'll be
interesting expect Iron Fist to be
hell's kitchen as well but it seems like
in the defenders they go much bigger to
defend New York City so anyways tell me
your thoughts in the comment below you
know what do you think what do you think
about these movies or movies Netflix
shows excuse me I mean they're gonna be
like movies they've been the hit they
release them all at once so you can
binge-watch are you excited which one
you most excited for personally I'm
going daredevil or iron fist although
I'm really interested to see how jessica
jones and Luke Cage play out on the
screen they're all just great characters
and I just can't wait to see what
happens so like I said tell me your
thoughts in the comments below don't
forget to Like and subscribe this is CJ
signing off and I'll see you next time